<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Sotf-general] getting things on...
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/sotf-general/2006-December/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:sotf-general%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BSotf-general%5D%20getting%20things%20on...&In-Reply-To=%3C457BF9D1.50608%40yaya23.net%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000304.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000305.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Sotf-general] getting things on...</H1>
    <B>roland</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:sotf-general%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BSotf-general%5D%20getting%20things%20on...&In-Reply-To=%3C457BF9D1.50608%40yaya23.net%3E"
       TITLE="[Sotf-general] getting things on...">janki at yaya23.net
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Dec 10 13:13:05 CET 2006</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000304.html">[Sotf-general] getting things on...
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000305.html">[Sotf-general] r600 - node/trunk/code/classes
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#308">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#308">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#308">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#308">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Husinsky Matthias wrote:
&gt;<i> we would like to contribute our changes into the svn tree.
</I>&gt;<i> unfortunately we did not recieve a lot of feedback after our last
</I>&gt;<i> call to test our node at <A HREF="http://sotf.fh-stpoelten.ac.at/node_884/">http://sotf.fh-stpoelten.ac.at/node_884/</A>
</I>
hey matthias + othe video node coders,

some weeks ago i did some testing of the video node code with my own
install at <A HREF="http://video.xaok.org">http://video.xaok.org</A>

well basically i did some tuning on ffmpeg parameters to render
h.264 / avc comliant output and better quality divx output
(if that is of interest for the list i can post my config changes)
and updated to getid3-1.7.7

after christmas until end of january i could do some more serious
testing and bug reporting on the video part. is somebody willing
to do some coding/bugfixing on the backend side?

in short, most problems i found were related to ffmpeg and getid3,
with actual ffmpeg from CVS things got better. an update to
getid3 2.0 might improve the situation but probably another
way of handling formats not supported by getid3/ffmpeg has to be
introduced ogginfo / ffmpeg2theora would be candidates.

despite of these format problems i would consider the video extension
as quite stable. if some short term funding for hardware can be aquired
spektral.at and medienwahn.at people are planing to do a public
creative commons local short film archive based on the video node code
in january.

is there any test node for the payable extension yet?

from my point of view best would be to merge video extension and
payable code back to one trunk - with an on/off switch for video
file import/handling in the config (as some nodes want audio only
and every feature brings his bugs...)

regards
roland jankowski








&gt;<i> anyway, we are confident that the version we developed works stable.
</I>&gt;<i> it surely still has some issues but most of those were beyond our
</I>&gt;<i> scope of restructuring the interface.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> but before we can even think about merging our source into the tree
</I>&gt;<i> we first should get an overview of what is already here and where to
</I>&gt;<i> put our code.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> at the moment there is one trunk and 3 branches to be found in
</I>&gt;<i> berlios' svn: * trunk: this is probably the latest stable audio node
</I>&gt;<i> release, like the nodes running at
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://medienarchiv.fh-stpoelten.ac.at">http://medienarchiv.fh-stpoelten.ac.at</A> or
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://radio.sztaki.hu/node/">http://radio.sztaki.hu/node/</A> * branch: payable - the payable etension
</I>&gt;<i> andras developed in the recent months. i guess it is based on the
</I>&gt;<i> trunk. * branch: video_test: the video capable version of sotf
</I>&gt;<i> developed mainly by martin schmidt. we built our current version upon
</I>&gt;<i> this one. * branch: sztaki_dsd: assumably one of sztaki's
</I>&gt;<i> developements, but no further details available
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> is this correct?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> looking at these proceedings i would like to ask the question where
</I>&gt;<i> to go from here. we do have a trunk and two branches. we're obviously
</I>&gt;<i> going to merge our source into the video_test branch as this was our
</I>&gt;<i> basis. then, how do we cope with the different versions? a move from
</I>&gt;<i> the sysadmins to our video branch would be preferrable for the
</I>&gt;<i> following reasons: - the video node can also be used as pure audio
</I>&gt;<i> node (by switch in the config). - the video node will then have a WAI
</I>&gt;<i> conform interface that can be styled via pure css - audio and video
</I>&gt;<i> nodes can coexist in a network nevertheless it is important that all
</I>&gt;<i> the nodes on the network update to the new version since only the new
</I>&gt;<i> nodes (even if they provide audio only) can pass the video metadata
</I>&gt;<i> on to other nodes. as soon as two video providing nodes are on the
</I>&gt;<i> network, this is nescessary. we did quite some tests to proove that
</I>&gt;<i> it is working.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> what do you think is best? we obviously should discuss this in detail
</I>&gt;<i> as the video extension is a major step in the network's history. it
</I>&gt;<i> would probably be best if we set up a new test network on different
</I>&gt;<i> locations to proove it extensively before we do the final move. we'll
</I>&gt;<i> start with a clean node next week an will provide the source for you
</I>&gt;<i> to test.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> finally, we'll need somebody with the access permission to the svn
</I>&gt;<i> (and also the experience with merging) to help us since we don't have
</I>&gt;<i> either of those.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> thanks for your attention - i hope we'll get lots of feedback. all
</I>&gt;<i> the best, matthias
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --- DI(FH) Matthias Husinsky Referat F&amp;E Fachhochschule St.P&#246;lten 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________ Sotf-general mailing
</I>&gt;<i> list <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/sotf-general">Sotf-general at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/sotf-general">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/sotf-general</A>
</I>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000304.html">[Sotf-general] getting things on...
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000305.html">[Sotf-general] r600 - node/trunk/code/classes
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#308">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#308">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#308">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#308">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/sotf-general">More information about the Sotf-general
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
